README.md, before:

# anna-freud-hackday-makatalk

## What?

This is a product for clinicians working with young people with learning difficulties, it is to aid their communication with the young people, especially for when they are non-verbal. They currently conduct pre and post session questionairres using pen and paper, which is not the best medium for all of the patients.

## Why?

Currently the forms tend to be filled out by the patient's parents and thus don't accurately represent the views of the young




## User stories

consent page for parent to sign off stuff

as a clinician I wsant to be able to add a new patient or select a patient that I have previously added

as a clinician I want to be able to modify the questionaire based on the severity of the patient's learning difficulties. (mild/moderate/severe)

(possible stretch goal) as a clinician I would like to track the progress of my patient in some form of graph.

as a clinician I would like the content of my questionaire to be available in text, symbols, makaton videos and traffic light style colour representations

as a clinician I would like to be able to use the app for the pre and post session questionaire

as a clinician I would like to see the results of the questionairre immediately so that I can use the information in my session

as a clinciain I would like to be able to have a unique code for each patient so I don't have ot use their name

stretch goal: get the parent's and teachers feedback o nthe content of the form for the patient too.

stretch goal: implement rewards for patients who regularly fill out the forms

stretch goal: multiple language supports: eg. portugese, somali, tamil.


## Scope

main focus should be the actual questions and feedback screen (log in flow/sssion storage can be an afterthought).


## Number of options reeally important (4 for mild?)





sort out videos of people doing makaton
makaton woodfield video

Commit message:

add user journey to readme

README.md, after:

# anna-freud-hackday-makatalk

## What?

This is a product for clinicians working with young people with learning difficulties, it is to aid their communication with the young people, especially for when they are non-verbal. They currently conduct pre and post session questionairres using pen and paper, which is not the best medium for all of the patients.

## Why?

Currently the forms tend to be filled out by the patient's parents and thus don't accurately represent the views of the young


## User Journey

as a clincian I want to better understand the experiences of my service users and the feedback from our sessions so that I can get a better understanding of their needs and use that to inform our sessions and their treatment. 

## User stories

consent page for parent to sign off stuff

as a clinician I wsant to be able to add a new patient or select a patient that I have previously added

as a clinician I want to be able to modify the questionaire based on the severity of the patient's learning difficulties. (mild/moderate/severe)

(possible stretch goal) as a clinician I would like to track the progress of my patient in some form of graph.

as a clinician I would like the cont ent of my questionaire to be available in text, symbols, makaton videos and traffic light style colour representations

as a clinician I would like to be able to use the app for the pre and post session questionaire

as a clinician I would like to see the results of the questionairre immediately so that I can use the information in my session

as a clinciain I would like to be able to have a unique code for each patient so I don't have ot use their name

stretch goal: get the parent's and teachers feedback o nthe content of the form for the patient too.

stretch goal: implement rewards for patients who regularly fill out the forms

stretch goal: multiple language supports: eg. portugese, somali, tamil.


## Scope

main focus should be the actual questions and feedback screen (log in flow/sssion storage can be an afterthought).


## Number of options reeally important (4 for mild?)





sort out videos of people doing makaton
makaton woodfield video
